Add NFT How To (#1495)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.0.0-rc.6/docs/how-tos/core-contracts/nft/use-as-erc721.md

---
description: How to use a native NFT like an ERC721 NFT
image: /img/logo/WASP_logo_dark.png
tags:
  - NFT
  - EVM
  - how-to
---

# Use as ERC721
## About the `ERC721NFTs` contract

> The `ERC721NFTs` contract is a harcoded contract at address `0x1074030000000000000000000000000000000000`. Every L1 NFT owned by the chain can be accessed through it. In this example we will show you how to use it by taking `transferFrom`  as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ERC721NFTs` contract is a hardcoded contract at address `0x1074030000000000000000000000000000000000`. Every L1 NFT owned by the chain can be accessed through it. In this example, we will show you how to use it by using `transferFrom`.
```

## Example Code

> 1. ERC721 uses `tokenID` for almost all interactions with it. So we first convert our `NFTID` to a `tokenID`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ERC721 uses the `tokenID` for almost all interactions with it. So first, you should convert the `NFTID` to a `tokenID`:
```

```solidity
uint256 tokenID = uint256(NFTID.unwrap(nftID));
```

:::info Token ID to NFT ID

> To go the other way around and convert a Token ID to an NFT ID, you can use the ISCTypes.asNFTID() function, by either using (`using ISCTypes for uint256;`) it on token ID like `tokenID.asNFTID();` or passing it to function like `ISCTypes.asNFTID(tokenID)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the ISCTypes.asNFTID() function to convert a Token ID to an NFT ID, by either using it on a token ID `tokenID.asNFTID();` or passing it to function `ISCTypes.asNFTID(tokenID)`.
```

:::

> 2. Transfer the token with ID `tokenID`, by using the `ERC20NFTs` contract, which is exposed in the library as `ISC.nfts`, and calling the standard `transferFrom` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Transfer the token with ID `tokenID`, by using the `ERC20NFTs` contract, which is exposed in the library as `ISC.nfts`, and calling the standard `transferFrom` function:
```
